{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 The Succulent Garden\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mrs Macquaries Rd, \
Sydney NSW 2000,\
Australia\
\
Welcome to The Succulent Garden. We\'92re located in the middle of The Royal Botanic Garden Sydney. Come along and join us to see Australia\'92s largest collection of succulents and cacti from all around the world. \
Select a succulent to find out more!\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Arrojadoa
\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Hey, I\'92m Arrojadoa, a Brazilian genus of cacti named after the great Brazilian botanist Miguel Arrojado Lisboa. I can be found in rocky places and under shrubs, as I have quite a frail stalk. I\'92m a subtropical plant, meaning I love hot weather!\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf5 Bunny Ears / Opuntia Microdasys
\b0 \cf2 \
Hi! I\'92m Bunny Ears, also known as Opuntia Microdasys. I also go by many other nicknames, including Golden Bristle, Polka-Dot Cactus and Angels wings. I can only be found Central and Northern Mexico and I grow between 40\'9660cm tall.\
\

\b \cf5 Echinocactus Grusonii
\b0 \cf2 \
Hello, I\'92m Echinocactus Grusonii. I\'92m rare and endangered, only growing in the states of Quer\'e9taro and Hidalgo Mexico. I grow in volcanic rock on slopes, at altitudes around 1,400 metres. Sometimes I\'92m also known as a golden barrel cactus,\'a0golden ball\'a0or, mother-in-law's cushion.\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf5 Elephant Cactus
\b0 \cf2 \
Hey, I\'92m Elephant Cactus, more formally known as \cf2 Pachycereus Pringlei and sometimes the Mexican Giant Cardon. I\'92m a species of cactus native to northwestern Mexico and I am the tallest cactus species in the world (the largest known is a staggering 63ft tall!) My lifespan is several hundred years. \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf5 Eulychnia
\b0 \cf2 \
Hi! I\'92m Eulychnia, a chilean-native cactus. I come from a genus of cacti which compromises of 6\'979 species! I live in very hot, dry temperatures of up to 50\'bac and I can even survive in the driest desert in the world, the Atacama Desert. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf5 San Pedro
\b0 \cf2 \
Hola! I\'92m San Pedro, also known as Echinopsis pachanoi. I come from the Andes Mountains in South America, which has a very high altitude and heavy rainfall. This means I can withstand temperatures far below that of many other cacti!\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\b \cf5 Peyote
\b0 \cf2 \
Hi! I\'92m Peyote, a small, spineless cactus also known as Lophophora Williamsii. My name Peyote derives from a root meaning \'93glistening\'94 and I\'92m primarily found in the Chihuahuan Desert. My pink flowers come out from March to May, but can sometimes  stay in bloom even as late as September.}